Crashes and Push services not started on iOS (#390)
Microsoft/AppCenter-SDK-Unity: CHANGELOG.md

# App Center SDK for Unity Change Log

> ## Development version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Version 2.6.1 (Under development)
```

### App Center Crashes

#### iOS

> * **[Fix]** Fix that 'Crashes' could not be started because of 'StartCrashes' method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix that Crashes could not be started because of `StartCrashes` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.
```

> * **[Fix]** Fix that Crashes could not be started because `StartCrashes` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue where Crashes could not be started because `StartCrashes` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.
```

> * **[Fix]** Fix that Crashes could not be started because of `StartCrashes` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix that Crashes could not be started because `StartCrashes` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.
```

### App Center Push

#### iOS

> * **[Fix]** Fix that 'Push' could not be started because of 'StartPush' method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix that Push could not be started because of `StartPush` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.
```

> * **[Fix]** Fix that Push could not be started because `StartPush` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix an issue where Push could not be started because `StartPush` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.
```

> * **[Fix]** Fix that Push could not be started because of `StartPush` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix that Push could not be started because `StartPush` method was stripped for a high managed stripping level.
```
